hi people watched the premiere
classmates yell good luck and there in
once again heard the phrase and fuzz barks
so here are the people while furing such films
in our cinema of change is not
happen understand while i watch movies
always try to be as much as possible
objective
even in relation to modern Russian
cinema will start the plot which judging
around was decommissioned redone with
movies bruce almighty with jim kerry and
remote control click under life with adam
sendler young creative designer
Lesha loser in life dreams of
good work and so ridiculous happens
what he comes to snoop dogu
repair your laptop
snoop dog analogue of morgan freeman in the bar
omnipotent takes and give loser leshe
new magic laptop but ours decided
disguise spizzheny plot and at the same time
advertise decaying old fart
a network of classmates
so here so that all desires only
performed he needs to write them in
the status of classmates what the fuck
true and goes on repeating golimy
american movies that annoyed me
the movie so this is a hidden advertisement in
features mercedes ads
And so she fucked there everywhere poster
merci on the walls bondonduk machine
wrinkles of the main character
there was a feeling that soon everything is in it
the movie and start riding Mercedes a
still check out this cheap hromakey
lion in the apartment
I can do that too
make it cooler i'm going to saman africa
watch music movies again golem
because of the gentlemen of rike but now
the cast is frankly nice
looked Fedor Bondarchuk and the main
the hero Lesha he's Peter Fedorov
and everyone else is just awful
Despite this, I even put the film
rating 3 out of 10
This is an attempt to make a normal movie.
it was much better than the dark world
equilibrium
but unfortunately a lot of defects and
broken scenes of silly jokes what
it remains to say
work on skidding production in
general movie address he audience so years
14 do not recommend viewing
people considering it their duty to talk about
such a movie yet
dospel Solomon Northup free niger
whose role played 4 angel for was
married and educated man who
lived and worked in new york
when two people once offered
he is attractive well paid